applications/2026-02-06-mastercard-manager-loyalty-specialist-sales/job_desc.md, before:

---
company: Mastercard
role: Manager, Loyalty Specialist Sales – Services Business Development
location: Nairobi, Kenya
job_type: Full-time / Permanent
posted_date: 2026-02-06 (approx)
source: Mastercard Careers / LinkedIn
apply_method: online
---

# Manager, Loyalty Specialist Sales – Services Business Development

## Company Overview
Mastercard Loyalty Solutions is the world's largest loyalty company, managing over 600 million accounts and serving 2000+ global clients. It provides end-to-end outsourced services including Personalized Card Linked Offers and Pay with Reward Points.

## Role Summary
Seeking a dynamic and experienced Sales Manager to drive the sale of loyalty platforms, solutions, and card benefits. The role involves managing complex projects across multiple stakeholders and growing the customer base within the MEA region.

## Key Responsibilities

- **Sales Strategy & Execution**: Lead sales efforts for loyalty platforms and solutions; meet/exceed revenue targets.
- **Client Engagement**: Develop/maintain relationships with decision-makers (issuers, merchants) to promote loyalty products.
- **Platform & Solution Sales**: Articulate technical aspects of loyalty platforms; guide clients through implementation and customer journey strategies.
- **Stakeholder Management**: Manage complex environments with internal/external stakeholders.
- **Consultative Selling**: Act as a trusted advisor, identifying business needs effectively.
- **Communication**: Simplify technical details for non-technical stakeholders.
- **Market Analysis**: Monitor trends and competitor offerings.
- **Multi-tasking**: Manage multiple accounts and opportunities simultaneously.

## Key Qualifications

- **Education**: Undergraduate degree required; MBA or relevant post-graduate degree recommended.
- **Experience**: 
    - **7 to 10 years** of experience in sales.
    - Proven track record selling technology solutions (loyalty programs preferred).
    - Sectors: Financial Services, Digital, Retail, Consumer, B2B.
- **Market Experience**: Extensive knowledge of business development within the **MEA region** with established network.
- **Language Proficiency**: **Fluency in both English and Arabic is a must.**
- **Technical Knowledge**: Strong understanding of loyalty platforms, digital technologies, marketing services.
- **Preferred**: Background in consulting or technology; Banking experience is a plus.

## Corporate Security Responsibility
- Abide by Mastercard’s security policies.
- Ensure confidentiality and integrity of information.
- Report security violations.

Commit message:

Update Mastercard application status to rejected, add interview tracking for Kenyan Alliance

applications/2026-02-06-mastercard-manager-loyalty-specialist-sales/job_desc.md, after:

---
company: Mastercard
role: Manager, Loyalty Specialist Sales – Services Business Development
location: Nairobi, Kenya
job_type: Full-time / Permanent
posted_date: 2026-02-06 (approx)
source: Mastercard Careers / LinkedIn
apply_method: online
status: rejected
rejection_date: 2026-02-21
rejection_reason: "Moving forward with other candidates whose expertise and experience more closely align with needs"
---

# Manager, Loyalty Specialist Sales – Services Business Development

## Company Overview
Mastercard Loyalty Solutions is the world's largest loyalty company, managing over 600 million accounts and serving 2000+ global clients. It provides end-to-end outsourced services including Personalized Card Linked Offers and Pay with Reward Points.

## Role Summary
Seeking a dynamic and experienced Sales Manager to drive the sale of loyalty platforms, solutions, and card benefits. The role involves managing complex projects across multiple stakeholders and growing the customer base within the MEA region.

## Key Responsibilities

- **Sales Strategy & Execution**: Lead sales efforts for loyalty platforms and solutions; meet/exceed revenue targets.
- **Client Engagement**: Develop/maintain relationships with decision-makers (issuers, merchants) to promote loyalty products.
- **Platform & Solution Sales**: Articulate technical aspects of loyalty platforms; guide clients through implementation and customer journey strategies.
- **Stakeholder Management**: Manage complex environments with internal/external stakeholders.
- **Consultative Selling**: Act as a trusted advisor, identifying business needs effectively.
- **Communication**: Simplify technical details for non-technical stakeholders.
- **Market Analysis**: Monitor trends and competitor offerings.
- **Multi-tasking**: Manage multiple accounts and opportunities simultaneously.

## Key Qualifications

- **Education**: Undergraduate degree required; MBA or relevant post-graduate degree recommended.
- **Experience**: 
    - **7 to 10 years** of experience in sales.
    - Proven track record selling technology solutions (loyalty programs preferred).
    - Sectors: Financial Services, Digital, Retail, Consumer, B2B.
- **Market Experience**: Extensive knowledge of business development within the **MEA region** with established network.
- **Language Proficiency**: **Fluency in both English and Arabic is a must.**
- **Technical Knowledge**: Strong understanding of loyalty platforms, digital technologies, marketing services.
- **Preferred**: Background in consulting or technology; Banking experience is a plus.

## Corporate Security Responsibility
- Abide by Mastercard’s security policies.
- Ensure confidentiality and integrity of information.
- Report security violations.
