applications/2026-02-12-inkomoko-senior-bd-advisor-dadaab/job_desc.md, before:

---
company: Inkomoko
role: Senior Business Development Advisor
location: Dadaab, Garissa County, Kenya (On-site)
job_type: Full time
deadline: Feb 15, 2026
source: Inkomoko Careers
about: Supports refugee entrepreneurs to grow businesses.
---

# Senior Business Development Advisor

## Role Overview
To work directly with entrepreneur clients (including refugees) in Dadaab. Join a start-up team to coach, mentor, and advise.

## Key Responsibilities
1.  **Management (50%):**
    -   Coach/Mentor Business Associates (BAs) and Business Development Advisors (BDAs).
    -   Review work to ensure high quality.
    -   Coordinate activities with other departments.
    -   Build capacity of the team to reach annual objectives.
    -   Represent Inkomoko in the Dadaab local business community.
    -   **Supervise locations** in and around Dadaab.

2.  **Strategic Advising (20%):**
    -   Communicate with team to conduct site visits.
    -   Connect clients to other Inkomoko services.
    -   Review reports (weekly/monthly/quarterly).

3.  **Business Assessment (30%):**
    -   Conduct site visits/client interviews to understand needs.
    -   Help clients navigate challenges and achieve growth goals.
    -   Track progress of client work.

## Requirements
-   **Experience:** **3+ years** in consulting, business planning, or providing business advice.
-   **Education:** Bachelor’s Degree in Business Admin/Accounting or related field.
-   **Skills:** MS Excel/Word, Presentation, Training, Critical Thinking.
-   **Environment:** Fast-paced, resource-constrained, mission-driven.

## Competencies
-   Instills Trust
-   Acts with Courage
-   Makes Informed Decisions

## Application
-   Submit CV and "Why you are the right fit".
-   Deadline: **15th Feb 2026**.

Commit message:

Update Inkomoko application status to rejected (2026-02-18)

applications/2026-02-12-inkomoko-senior-bd-advisor-dadaab/job_desc.md, after:

---
company: Inkomoko
role: Senior Business Development Advisor
location: Dadaab, Garissa County, Kenya (On-site)
job_type: Full time
deadline: Feb 15, 2026
source: Inkomoko Careers
about: Supports refugee entrepreneurs to grow businesses.
status: rejected
rejection_date: 2026-02-18
rejection_reason: "Experiences not closely aligned with the needs of the role"
---

# Senior Business Development Advisor

## Role Overview
To work directly with entrepreneur clients (including refugees) in Dadaab. Join a start-up team to coach, mentor, and advise.

## Key Responsibilities
1.  **Management (50%):**
    -   Coach/Mentor Business Associates (BAs) and Business Development Advisors (BDAs).
    -   Review work to ensure high quality.
    -   Coordinate activities with other departments.
    -   Build capacity of the team to reach annual objectives.
    -   Represent Inkomoko in the Dadaab local business community.
    -   **Supervise locations** in and around Dadaab.

2.  **Strategic Advising (20%):**
    -   Communicate with team to conduct site visits.
    -   Connect clients to other Inkomoko services.
    -   Review reports (weekly/monthly/quarterly).

3.  **Business Assessment (30%):**
    -   Conduct site visits/client interviews to understand needs.
    -   Help clients navigate challenges and achieve growth goals.
    -   Track progress of client work.

## Requirements
-   **Experience:** **3+ years** in consulting, business planning, or providing business advice.
-   **Education:** Bachelor’s Degree in Business Admin/Accounting or related field.
-   **Skills:** MS Excel/Word, Presentation, Training, Critical Thinking.
-   **Environment:** Fast-paced, resource-constrained, mission-driven.

## Competencies
-   Instills Trust
-   Acts with Courage
-   Makes Informed Decisions

## Application
-   Submit CV and "Why you are the right fit".
-   Deadline: **15th Feb 2026**.
